Test Plan:
    Priority 0 (Critical):
    -Movie Search:
      In order to test the one of the main software functions, of being able to search for available movies, we will test the software's search function. We will first go to the web application's website.
      Then, after reaching the website we will use it's search bar function in order to search a term, such as 'marvel', to find movies that are currently showing, that contain or are related to 'marvel'.
      Finally, we will hit 'enter' after typing up our term, and see the display results. 

    Priority 1 (High):
    -Ticket Purchase Quantity(Up to 20 tickets):
      In order to test the web application's ability to allow a user to order up to 20 tickets in one order, we'll order the maximum allotted and ensure that the value of tickets ordered is valid.
      In order to do this, we will first enter the web application website, and search for a movie. After selecting the desired movie we will then be prompted for how many tickets we would like to order.For this prompt, we will enter 20 tickets as this should be the maximum allotted tickets for one order and a success will mean that all 20 tickets can be ordered. Next, after entering that we would like
      20 tickets, we should then be redirected to the seat selection/payment screen with a small pop-up notifying the user that the quantity [20] tickets will be reserved for 5 more minutes or until purchased.

    -Ticket Purchase Quantity(Greater than 20 tickets):
      In order to test the web application's ability to prevent a user from ordering more than 20 tickets in one order, we'll follow the same steps as before when testing for purchasing 20 tickets, except we will
      place an order for 21 tickets. Doing this should result in a different result than the previous test, as we should now get an error message, saying that 21 tickets has exceeded the maximum limit of tickets
      available for one order (the max being 20). The system shall than notify the user that 20 tickets is the maximum and prompt them to re-order the desired number of tickets, and that the order of 21 exceeds 
      the given limit.

    Priority 2 (Moderate):
    -Loyalty Points(Gain specified amount correlating to purchased ticket):
      In order to test the web application's ability to grant a specefied amount of Loyalty points for each kind of ticket, we will make mock purchases of adult, senior, and child tickets. We will first access
      the web application website, and search for a movie. After selecting the desired movie we will be prompted for how many tickets and what kind of tickets we would like to order. We will input for three different
      payments, an adult ticket, a senior ticket, and a child ticket. The system will then prompt us if we would like to sign in to a Personal Account. After signing into a Personal Account, we will complete the
      transaction. There will be a payment/ticket confirmation screen with a section confirming how many Loyalty Points have been awarded from the purchase. It is essential to note, an adult ticket will earn 10 Loyalty
      Points, a senior ticket will earn 8 Loyalty Points, and a child ticket will earn 5 Loyalty Points. Moreover, it is essential to note, users have the ability to sign into their Personal Account at anytime before
      a purchase to utilize or see their Loyalty Points. 

    -Loyalty Points(Use up to 50 Loyalty Points per purchase):
      In order to test the web application's ability to utilize a user's Loyalty points to recieve a discount, we will make mock purchases utilizing Loyalty Points and concur if a discount has been added to the purchase.
      We will first access the web application website, and search for a movie. After selecting the desired movie we will be prompted for how many tickets and what kinds of tickets we would like to order. We will input an 
      arbitrary amount of tickets to purchase. The system will then prompt us if we would like to sign into a Personal Account. After signing into a Personal Account, we will select the option to use Loyalty Points. During 
      payment, there will be sections where the user will provide their payment information. The layout of utilizing Loyalty Points will be done in the same instance, there will be an icon bar that allows users to scroll 
      and use up to 50 Loyalty Points per each purchase. 50 Loyalty points will provide a 10% discount, 25 Loyalty points will provide a 5% discount, etc. After completing the payment, there will be a payment/ticket 
      confirmation screen with a section notifying the user of their used, gained, and total Loyalty Points. It is essential to note, that users will still earn Loyalty Points 
      for each ticket on purchases that they utilize Loyalty Points on.

    -Feedback System (Positive):
      To ensure that our feedback system displays the proper message, we will go through the process of fully purchasing a ticket, where we enter the website, select a movie and buy an acceptable (<21) amount
      of tickets. After the ticket confirmation screen is displayed, we will then be redirected to a user feedback page, that has a prompt for the user to give a feedback of how their ticket purchasing experience
      was, and to rate it on a scale of 5 smilie faces that are displayed from: (Dissatisfied, Dissatisfied-Neutral, Neutral, Neutral-Happy, Happy). Upon selecting either the Happy or Neutral-happy face, the user
      will be provided with a "Thank you for your feedback!" display message. Accompanied with the thank you message, a return Home button will be there and allow the user to return home after submitting their 
      feedback.

    -Feedback System(Non-Positive):
      To ensure that the feedback system will display the message with a non-positive review, we will follow the same steps as our positive review but we will then choose one of the 3 non-positive choices for our
      feedback. Upon choosing a non-positive feedback response, the user will be then be shown the following messages; "Thank you for your feedback!", accompanied with an optional "Tell us how we could make your
      next experience better!", prompt that has a 1500-character limit space for users to put a response. The user will also have the option to return home at anytime with the "Thank you for your feedback!"
      message, as there will be an option to return back, and that message will stay displayed incase they truly did not want to reply to the prompt.

  Priority 3 (Low):
